fix(content): Anglerfish mission improvements (#10094)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/human missions.txt

			`As you enter Umbral, the <npc> follows behind you, and opens a hail.`
			`	"Did you think that if you went to Umbral, I would switch to a smaller ship? Ha!"`
			`	The <npc> once again powers up its weapons.`
				decline
	
	npc kill
		government "Independent (Killable)"
		personality heroic vindictive unconstrained launching
			confusion 20
		ship "Vanguard (Plasma Slow)" "Anglerfish"
		on provoke
			unmark "Umbral"
			"reputation: Independent (Killable)" = -1000
			set "anglerfish caught"
			conversation
				`As soon as you open fire, the <npc> angrily hails you.`
				`	A voice you recognize as the "captain of the Esca" says, "How did you know that was me? Well, it doesn't matter, because I've paid off the militia. Get ready to die, small-fry."`
				`	The <npc> powers up its weapons.`
					decline
		on kill
			set "anglerfish dead"
			conversation
				branch "orbiting tarazed"
					has "flagship system: Tarazed"
				branch "passed tarazed"
					not "anglerfish caught"
				`The <npc> and the "captain of the Esca" have been destroyed. You consider continuing on to Wayfarer to see if you can grab some sort of reward for your effort.`
					decline
				label "passed tarazed"

> 				`The <npc> and the "captain of the Esca" have been destroyed. You consider going back to Wayfarer to see if you can grab some sort of reward for your effort.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`The <npc> has been destroyed. You should head back to Wayfarer to see if you can claim some sort of reward.`
```

					decline
				label "orbiting tarazed"

> 				`The <npc> and the "captain of the Esca" have been destroyed. You consider landing on Wayfarer to see if you can grab some sort of reward for your effort.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`The <npc> has been destroyed. You should land on Wayfarer to see if you can claim some sort of reward.`
```

			`	The Vanguard powers up its weapons.`
				decline
			label "killed anglerfish"
			`You enter Umbral, but see no sign of the Esca, as the "captain of the Esca" was killed. You should head back to Wayfarer to see if you can claim some sort of reward.`
				decline
			label "caught anglerfish"
			action
				clear "anglerfish caught"
			`As you enter Umbral, the <npc> follows behind you, and opens a hail.`
			`	"Did you think that if you went to Umbral, I would switch to a smaller ship? Ha!"`
			`	The <npc> once again powers up its weapons.`
				decline
	
	npc kill
		government "Independent (Killable)"
		personality heroic vindictive unconstrained launching
			confusion 20
		ship "Vanguard (Plasma Slow)" "Anglerfish"
		on provoke
			unmark "Umbral"
			"reputation: Independent (Killable)" = -1000
			set "anglerfish caught"
			conversation
				`As soon as you open fire, the <npc> angrily hails you.`

> 				`	A voice you recognize as the "captain of the Esca" says "How did you know that was me? Well, it doesn't matter, because I've paid off the militia."`
> 				`	The <npc> powers up its weapons.`
> 					decline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
				`	A voice you recognize as the "captain of the Esca" says, "How did you know that was me? Well, it doesn't matter, because I've paid off the militia. Get ready to die, small-fry."`
				`	The <npc> powers up its weapons.`
					decline
```

		on kill
			set "anglerfish dead"
			conversation
				branch "orbiting tarazed"
					has "flagship system: Tarazed"
				`The <npc> and the "captain of the Esca" have been destroyed. You consider going back to Wayfarer to see if you can grab some sort of reward for your effort.`
					to display
						not "anglerfish caught"
					decline
				`The <npc> and the "captain of the Esca" have been destroyed. You consider continuing on to Wayfarer to see if you can grab some sort of reward for your effort.`
					to display
						has "anglerfish caught"

> 					decline

Reviewer 2: I'd rather use a branch than two `to display` nodes.

	on enter
		dialog `When you take off, you run a quick scan on all other ships that are taking off. You see no sign of the Esca. Maybe it's already waiting for you at Umbral.`
	on enter "Umbral"
		unmark "Umbral"
		"reputation: Independent (Killable)" = -1000
		conversation
			branch "killed anglerfish"
				has "anglerfish dead"
			`When you enter Umbral, you continue to see no sign of the Esca. Suddenly, an alarm rings out as your sensors detect that a pirate Vanguard has entered the system alongside you. Before you can respond, your ship intercepts a hail, and it opens communication.`
			`	The voice of the alleged captain of the Esca shouts out towards you. "Ho ho ho! Did you really think that I was the leader of the militia? Well, considering that you're here, I suppose you did. And now you'll pay for your mistake! Don't bother trying to call for help either, the militia don't patrol this system!"`
			`	The Vanguard powers up its weapons.`
				decline
			label "killed anglerfish"

> 			`Out of curiosity, you enter Umbral. As suspected, you continue to see no sign of the Esca.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`Out of curiosity, you enter Umbral. As suspected, no sign of the Esca can be seen.`
```

	
	npc kill
		government "Independent (Killable)"
		personality heroic vindictive unconstrained launching
			confusion 20
		ship "Vanguard (Plasma Slow)" "Anglerfish"
		dialog `The Anglerfish and the "captain of the Esca" have been destroyed. You consider going back to Wayfarer to see if you can grab some sort of reward for your effort.`
		on kill
			unmark "Umbral"

> 			set "anglerfish dead"

Reviewer 2: It might make sense to move this dialog into the `on kill` just for the sake of keeping things together. I'd also suggest adding an `on provoke` action that unmarks Umbral, sets your rep to negative (so that jumping to another system aside from Umbral doesn't unprovoke the ship), sets a condition that you attacked the Anglerfish early (that we can use in the `on kill` if we change the dialog to a conversation to branch if you kill the Anglerfish before you even got to Umbral, and to branch upon entering Umbral while you're already fighting the Anglerfish), and starts a dialog or conversation where the captain says something about you catching on to his act or something to that effect.
